Dear Amazon.com Legal Department:

This letter is a formal response to a claim of copyright infringement against ASIN B08DTJ831Q received on September 25, 2020, that were uploaded and published on Amazon.com. The ASIN is B08DTJ831Q, the SKU is Elensan-us200729-002FBA, the category is Women Earrings, and the location is https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08DTJ831Q .

I believe the claims of copyright infringement made by karen-hillard@hotmail.com are inaccurate and should be rejected because:

The complainant has provided no copyright registration information or other tangible evidence that the material in question is in fact copyrighted, and I have a good faith belief that it is not infringing on any of the above-mentioned copyrights. The allegation of the copyright violation is therefore in dispute, and at present unsupported. In short, the material in question is not copyrighted, or the copyright has expired in the United States of America. It is therefore in the public domain and may be reproduced by anyone.

The complainant does not hold the copyright to the material in question, is not the designated representative of the copyright holder, and therefore lacks standing to assert that my use of the material is a violation of any of the owner's rights.

My use of the material is legally protected because it falls within the "fair use" provision of the copyright regulations, as defined in 17 USC 107. If the complainant disagrees that this is fair use, they must work directly with me, though legally viable channels, to resolve the dispute. Amazon.com and its employees under no obligation to settle this dispute, or to take any action to restrict my speech at the behest of this complainant.

The complaint does not follow the prescribed form for notification of an alleged copyright/trademark/patent violation as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 USC 512©(3).
Specifically, the complainant has failed to:
*Provide a complaint in written form. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)]
*Include a physical or electronic signature of the complainant. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(i)]
*Identify the specific copyrighted work claimed to be infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single complaint, provide a representative list of such works. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(ii)]
*Provide the URLs for the specific files on my web site (or Amazon listing detail page) that are alleged to be infringing. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(iii)]
*Provide sufficient information to identify the complainant, including full name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(iv)]
*Include a written statement that the complainant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(v)]
*Include a written statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complainant is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. [17 USC 512©(3)(A)(vi)]

This communication to you is a DMCA counter notification letter as defined in 17 USC 512(g)(3):

I declare, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the complaint of copyright violation is based on mistaken information, misidentification of the material in question, or deliberate misreading of the law.

I ask that Amazon.com, upon receipt of this counter-notification, restore the material in dispute, unless the complainant files suit against me within ten (10) days, pursuant to 17 USC 512(g)(2)(B).

My full name, address, electronic signature, and telephone number are:

Name Last Name: Qiuming Hu

Physical Address: Haifeng Xian Chengdong Zhen
Jindong Xiaoqu 6 Xiang 5 hao
Shanweishi Guangdong Sheng
China 516400

My Phone Number: 18824691218

I hereby consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which I reside (or, if my address is outside of the United States, I consent to the jurisdiction of any United States federal district court).

I agree to accept service of process from the complainant.

Best regards,

Qiuming Hu

Date: October 5, 2020   Signature:
